A big sound wakes up a boy. The boy gets out of his bed with a sleepy head and gets downstairs.
He sees a giant metal figure in grey with eyes red as the blood moon. It lifted the little boy’s parents with its hand and shouts with a deep voice, “YOUR REIGN IS NOW OVER NOW HE WILL BREAK JUST LIKE I DID”. The boy watches the giant figure from the stairs, while a man grabs the boy and runs through the back door. The boy sees the metal man over the man’s shoulder who was the family’s servant Hobbs. The metal man who is grabbing the boy’s parents by their collars stabs them in their necks with the blades from his wrists and they fall down on the ground in a pool of blood.
A man of about of age 25 years of age wakes up from his nightmare. The man goes downstairs to the dining table where Hobbs is making breakfast.
“Hey Vincent, did you sleep good?” asks Hobbs. Vincent replies, “no I did not, I had the same nightmare again. It’s weird.” 
Hobbs says, “okay, don’t worry about it. They will pass”.
“I hope so”, says Vincent.
“Now eat fast and get ready for your first day of work.
Are you excited about it?” 
“Yeah I am it’s not a job but just an internship at the all famous Moon Industries can you believe it? MOON INDUSTRIES!!”.
“yeah okay get ready now”, says Hobbs.
 Vincent gets ready for his first day and says goodbye to Hobbs and gets into his car. 

He starts his car right then someone opens the car door, it’s his best friend Zack. "What? leaving without me already?”, says Zack trying to fake a sad face. 
"I thought you turned down your offer”, says Vincent.
Zack interrupts him in between and says," Nope, Where ever you go I go that was our deal right and Sam is on his way over there".
"I thought you kind of hated him now." says Vincent driving towards their destination. 

Vincent drives inside a tunnel connecting to the tallest building in the cosmic city.
“Yeah I am here at last my dream job.” Says Vincent.
A boy gets down from a taxi next to his car and greets Vincent.
“hey Vincent, if you had stepped inside building without me, I would have kicked your ass right here.”
“Sam, you are my best friend since we were kids and about the “kicking my ass part” we both know that it’s not possible.”
“Okay let’s just go inside together .” says Sam.
When they get past the security, a tall man in a black suit looking like security calls Samuel because when he was going through the metal detector it beeped.
He checked him thoroughly. When he was getting his hands on him Sam noticed his name tag. His name was Walters.
After not finding anything Walters says sorry and lets him go.
Sam comments on the excessive security on that day to his friends. They meet their supervisor Mr. James. Zack who is always a tongue in cheek kind of guy comments Mr. James that he looks like someone who had been dead for at least a year because of his very thin personality.
A few days pass by. 
Initially 100 interns were given the opportunity to continue but only a few made it out.
After only 10 members were left in the internship program.
One day Walter marches into the room where Vincent and his friends were working. Sam was an electrical engineer, Zack was an Mecha-robotics Engineer whereas Vin was a computer science engineer. 
Walters coughs to grab the attention in the room and says," Now only 10 members remain in this training session this year and only 1 position is available. So, there is going to be a new test for all of you people".

Zack right then giggles because of Walter's manner of speaking and he sees vin and Sam from his end of his eyes, which Walters notices but doesn't say anything.
"The winner of this competition will meet our CEO Mr. Moon.", continues his previous speech and walks away from the room.
After he leaves the room Sam scolds Zack to stop making jokes in front of Walters and to stop giggling.
Everyone in the room was excited like never before because they were going to meet the CEO.
This was a great deal because no one had ever seen him on had he ever given any interview, so no one in the world had ever seen his face. 
Then James walks into the room with some papers siting that all the interns should fill up their details and sign a NON - DISCLOSURE FORM along with a paper saying that in any kind of human loss, MOON Industries is not responsible in any manner. He says that they had to sign this because they were going on site.

Right this moment, was life changing for all the interns and they had no clue while the Walters was watching all of them via security cams but kept a close eye on Zack and his team.

